Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3501492361

Murex MxML Developer

About Accenture Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centres. Our 506,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com.

Job Responsibilities:

MXML Integration Developer role is responsible for developing & enhancing the interfaces in Murex to communicate & import trades from various upstream systems for the bank’s treasury division.

The role is expected to work with Back-office and Interface BA teams to analyze the requirement, understand the source system message format, establish a communication channel to receive the message, implement mapping & validations, transform the message into MXML format, and import it into Murex.

Responsible for developing paper confirmation templates & SWIFT messages for trade and payments.

Understand business requirements, workflow configuration & development of interface & confirmations in MXML, write a shell script for implementing checks & file transfer in UNIX.

Job Requirements:

Minimum of 8 years’ experience working in the financial industry on treasury products on MUREX (v3) and sound understanding of various financial products & Technical background.

Effective team player with excellent communication & interpersonal skills Experience working on:

MXML 3.1, with proficiency in XML/XST languages, Data Dictionaries, Templates.

Develop MXML import and export workflows using MXML Exchange.

Swift and Paper confirmation.

Familiar with various popular trade interfaces like MarkitWire, TOF, OMGEO, RTNS.

Knowledge of Market Data upload. Realtime ( RTBS ), Batch ( MDIT )

Technical knowledge in creating messaging Queues ( MQ ),

Experience working on Contract/ Deliverable / Event / Exchange workflow

Good understanding of Validation, Confirmation, and Payment concepts of any of the treasury products

UNIX Shell scripting

Understanding of Front to back Trade Life Cycle

Familiarity with FX, IR, FI, Equity products Good to have:

Murex 3.1 Architecture is an added advantage

Experience in JAVA, Perl Desired Skills and Experience:

Treasury, Business requirements, Derivatives, Interpersonal Skills, Credit Derivatives, Money Market, Bonds, Team Player, Murex MXML, Murex, Back Office, SWIFT

You will also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career. Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

