Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3501490569

SAP Basis Consultant

The future workforce is an equal one – we are setting the goal to achieve a gender balanced workforce by 2025. Find out more here.” https://www.accenture.com/my-en/about/inclusion-diversity/gender-equality.

About Accenture

Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centres. Our 506,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com.

Accenture is an Irish-domiciled multinational professional services company that provides services in:

Technology

Strategy & Consulting

Interactive

Operations

As a Fortune Global 500 company, it has been incorporated in Dublin, Ireland since September 1, 2009. In 2019, the company reported revenues of $43.2 billion, with more than 492,000 employees serving clients in more than 200 cities in 120 countries.

Accenture Technology combines business and industry insights with innovative technology services to transform your business. Join one of the world’s largest independent providers of technology services to grow your expertise and help clients worldwide to innovate at scale and transform their businesses. Help change how the world works and lives through technology innovation.

Job Title: SAP BASIS Consultant

You will be the system administrator for SAP environments from SAP R/3 to SAP S/4HANA, ensuring that all SAP systems in the environment will run smoothly and consistently.

Key Responsibilities:

Support/perform SAP Basis Administration activities such as ID creation and transporting objects to different systems

Document SAP processes, procedures, and plans; including changes, upgrades, and new services

Work closely with the clients and business stakeholders to understand their pain points and requirements

Install, configure, maintain, migrate or upgrade the SAP systems as required

Look into and troubleshoot SAP Basis related issues

Perform regular maintenance and performance Tuning for Database and SAP systems

Professional Skill Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in IT or equivalent work experience.

Minimum of 5 years’ experience in SAP BASIS/Netweaver/ABAP Application Server monitoring and Administration.

Familiar with SAP ECC and HANA environments.

Good experience in BPC system configurations, upgrades/installations, performance tuning and migration activities

Expert in investigating and resolving issues related to system performance

Can document SAP processes, procedures, and plans; including changes, upgrades, and new services

Relevant SAP Certification would be a plus

Experience in SAP on cloud platforms would be a plus

Ability to travel to client sites (local or overseas)

Excellent leadership, communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills

You will also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career.

Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

