Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3534576089

Geographic Legal Counsel Specialist

“The future workforce is an equal one – we are setting the goal to achieve a gender balanced workforce by 2025. Find out more here.” https://www.accenture.com/my-en/about/inclusion-diversity/gender-equality

About Accenture Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Technology and Operations services and Accenture Song—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 721,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com.

Global Legal Network (GLN) is a group of professionals operating globally from 11 countries. It provides a broad spectrum of differentiated services - focused on delivering value and innovation. We partner with Legal teams across Accenture to build efficiencies and centres of excellence related to Legal services; and through our size, geographic spread and language diversity, the Global Legal Network is able to drive quality, agility and speed in our services, aligned to Accenture’s relentless focus on maximum efficiency and operational effectiveness.

CORE and Global Services (CGS) is a group of legal professionals working and supporting different legal areas such as Compliance, Regulatory Offerings, Ethics, Procurement, Corporate Matters and the Services Areas aligned with the new offerings and technologies such as Strategy & Consulting, Interactive, Technology, Security and Operations.

Geographic Compliance & Corporate (GCC) Role Summary – To provide comprehensive support to Legal team which includes support on Accenture policies and processes, legal research, legal judgements, using various tools and methodologies focused on internal policy compliances, risk mitigation, contract execution, etc.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement:

We are an equal opportunity employer. We have an unwavering commitment to equality for all. Together, we are acting, we are leading, and we will drive change across the globe.

JOB SUMMARY:

Complexity:

Requires analysis and solving of moderately complex problems. May create new solutions, leveraging and, where needed, adapting existing methods and procedures.

Requires understanding of the strategic direction set by senior management as it relates to team goals.

Primary upward interaction is with direct supervisor. May interact with peers and/or management levels at a client and/or within Accenture.

Authority: 

Requires guidance when determining methods and procedures on new assignments.

Impact or Decision: 

Decisions often impact the team in which they reside

Scope: 

Manages small teams and/or work efforts (if in an individual contributor role) at a client or within Accenture.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Understand the CORE areas, relevant company policies

Develop subject-matter knowledge and proficiency in the concerned support area and act as its POC

Directly liaison with internal stakeholders on various issues and build credible and effective relationships with onshore counsels and within GLN team

Understand and suggest process improvements in the support area, support LTO/CIO in development of new tool or enhancement of existing ones, assist team in drafting checklists and process documents, manage SharePoint and communication records

Support recruitment efforts for the team, supervise resources, and assist GLN Team Lead in people management, as required, provide team members with positive and developmental feedback

Identify and support any specific trainings for the team, provide coaching and mentoring to junior members of the team

Support implementation of new initiatives in CORE support area or within Legal/GLN, try to ‘give back’ to GLN/Legal.

Specific Responsibilities Aligned To Role

Provide legal support to Accenture Corporate Functions on local & global regulatory matters. Act as point of contact and legal advisor, responding to inquiries made by the Procurement Plus, Workplace Solutions, Marketing, HR, CIO teams etc. on their daily operation. Create company's compliance policy and approval procedures and apply the same to ensure compliance on relevant process including business ethics, data privacy, information security, anti-corruption laws, trade compliance, competition law and related policies applicable to the running of the local entity. Flag compliance risks in the day-to-day Accenture operations.

Draft and review agreements with Accenture suppliers to procure various goods and services, including Contractors, Facilities & Services, Finance Services, Human Resources support, IT & Telecom, Legal Services & Risk, Marketing & Communication, Travel Services, Software as a Service, subcontracting etc. in accordance with company policies and procedures, applicable laws, and customer requirements. Make legal assessment of deviations to Accenture’s supplier’s contracting standards and interact with internal areas of Accenture that require the service to align a position. Participate in negotiations with suppliers to agree contractual terms. liaise & collaborate with other stakeholders and teams within Accenture, like, deal teams, solution architects, finance, HR, Controllership, procurement, etc., as well as, with subcontractors/vendors.

Provide Legal support in the review of local & global Data Privacy initiatives. Identify risks according to local law and Accenture policies and flag potential issues.

Provide support to GCC in local corporate activities, such as: (i) obtention of signatures of the authorized signatories for company documents (e.g. board resolutions; debt collection services forms; declarations, etc.); (ii) support Debt Collection Service Licenses process: Complete forms and obtain signatures; assist MDs in completion of online procedures related to Debt Collection Services (i.e. MDs are required to link their personal profiles to the profiles of Accenture entities at the National Multistate Licensing System & Registry (US); (iii) request Certified Copies to Public Notary; (iv) manage the process for the renewal of General Liability Insurance for Members of the Board; liaise with Broker to ensure policies are renewed (every six months); (v) record changes in the Board of Directors. Manage process to record the change in Company’s books (vi)Perform internal Tracking of Leaves/Licenses of Members of the Board: Contact EA’s regularly to track licenses/leave of members for signature of minutes.

Provide support to the Corporate Citizenship team in the review of Donation & Pro-bono agreements in light of local laws and Accenture Policies. Ensure that local Controllership and Procurement Plus are involved in the process. Advice on the need for approval when government entities are involved in the activity.

Review Marketing Materials and provide the Marketing & Communications teams with advice on general IP matters, according to local law. Use of Image, Recording, how to minimize risks at events, promotions (both internal and external).

Provide training to Accenture teams on matters related to the support to the Corporate Functions.

RELATIONSHIPS:

Supervises:

Team members providing services on a project, account or portfolio of accounts

External Relationships:

Accenture Counsels, Client commercial, procurement, contract management, business executives, outside counsels, vendors, corporate function.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education:

Bachelor’s degree in Law.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS:

Minimum of 5 to 7 years of experience at law firm or as in-house counsel and/or in legal outsourcing. Experience with drafting, reviewing and negotiating agreements.

Experience in generic legal in-house matters, including but not limited to risk identification and mitigation, compliances, contracts, legal research, etc.

Understand Accenture offerings and function specific services, general basic corporate business practices, contracting regulations, commercial agreements, legal and compliance fundamentals

Ability to recommend high quality and timely advice for risk mitigation by efficiently analyzing business and legal implications

Ability to work under pressure, and effectively manage priorities and stakeholder expectations, build trust-based relationships by delivering on commitments, and able to effectively influence senior management

Demonstrate ownership, promptness, accuracy, consistency with the activities supported, and drives tasks to closure

Able to work with internal and external teams to assist with day to day support and to understand delivery requirements

Demonstrate adaptability, positive & collaborative attitude, good interpersonal skills, strong time management and prioritization skills, attention to detail, sound judgement, and organization skills

Comfortable with technology and has experience in tools & databases, with proficiency using Microsoft Office applications (e.g. Excel, Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint)

BEHAVIOURS AND ATTRIBUTES:

Understand cross-cultures and open to work with team members across the globe

Understand the value of diversity and recognize the strengths that different styles, innovative perspectives and experiences bring to Accenture

Demonstrate inclusion and respect for all individuals regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, religion, belief, age, disability, culture, social status and/or sexuality

Collaborative and persuasive; able to work well with executives and non-executives.

WORK REQUIREMENTS:

Travel may be required

Fluency in English (and other language, depending on geography supported) with strong oral and written communication skills

ADDITIONAL DESIRABLE CRITERIA:

Not Applicable

You will also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career. Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

PERMANENT TRANSFER REQUIREMENTS [For Internal Applicants]:

Not Applicable

