Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3501488757

Network Engineer


Resolve second and third level incident tickets on LAN/WAN, Firewall, Proxy services/systems. This includes escalations and complex tickets involving P1 tickets and VIP users.

Collaborate with the other support teams to resolve incidents; service request and change; servers, storage and backup team, security team, service assurance, WPS/site IT and application owner.

Support the resolution of problem tickets, analyze the root cause, identify, and implement the permanent solution.

Work on change tickets and change task (both break/fix and non-break/fix changes). Represent Network team in CAB meeting.

Perform capacity planning and craft proposals on the recommended change initiatives. Monitor the network devices/systems capacity and perform the necessary tuning to keep them running at optimal levels.

Work on assigned project tasks within timeline. Join project meetings with clients and internal support team. Act as project engineer for migration activities.

Perform network/systems health check. Perform preventive housekeeping and maintenance tasks such as device patching, health check, reporting and security remediations scheduled or when required.

Participate in disaster recovery plans and testing.


Diploma/Bachelor's degree holder in Computer Sciences, Networking and/or qualified IT-related certifications e.g., ITIL/CCNA/CCNP (preferred)

Preferred technical certifications (not compulsory) include the following:

Network: CCNA / CCNP Routing & Switching, Cloud, or

Security: CCNP Security, or Check Point Certified Security Administrator (CCSA)

Data Center: CCNA Data Center, Dell EMC Storage (PS/SC Series Storage), or NetApp Certified Data Administrator

Customer Experience: CCNP Voice, or Avaya Implementation Professional Specialist

Has at least 4 to 5 years of experience in related network support operations in a professional services environment.

Working knowledge of LAN/WAN, Firewall and Proxy services and related support operations.

Able to support network devices under Cisco / Cisco ACI, Juniper, Aruba wireless, Mikrotik, Checkpoint, Bluecoat proxy and Citrix Netscaler.

Familiar with ITIL concepts and its applications.

Has prior experience in providing remote support for other countries.

Must be able to write, read and communicate fluently in Mandarin (compulsory for China Support) or Bahasa Indonesia (compulsory for Indonesia support).

