Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3501490545

Cloudera Hadoop Developer

About Accenture Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centres. Our 506,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com.

Job Description:

Responsible for end-to-end software development and support for all work transitioned from Group (which could be projects, quarterly change requests, L3 production fixes). This includes analysis and design to development, implementation, testing and support.

Responsible for quality assurance of the team delivery in conformance to the Bank-defined software delivery methodology and tools.

Partner closely with the Group domain team to plan and manage transitioned deliverables

Domain-Specific / Technical Skills:

Good business knowledge in Mainframe/Cardlinks, remote commerce, API integration frameworks, collections, and loyalty domains

Technical knowledge in COBOL, CICS, EZ+ and JCLs

Technical knowledge in UNIX/LINUX, Oracle, SQL, Java, Unix Script Platform / Product: Cloudera Hadoop distribution (6.X), Teradata Inteliflex, AS400, Informatica Data Integration suite of tools, MS Business Intelligence, QlikSense Discovery, SAS, Microsoft R, Experian PowerCurve Server / Database: AS400 DB2, Teradata, Oracle, SQL Server, Postgress Language: AS400, Teradata (TD Studio, IFX, MDM, FSLDM/GCFR, View Point ), JIRA, Oracle SQL Developer, Informatica - BDM, IDQ, IDL , Query Surge, Cloudera - Data Science workbench, Spark , HUE, Hive, Impala, Kafka, Microsoft R, SAS, Jenkins, Bit Buckaet, SonarCube, QLIK sense , Query Surge, Microsoft Power BI, Business Objects, PUTTY, Aldon, control-M OS: AS400, AIX, Linux, Windows

You will also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career. Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

