Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3501490568

SAP SuccessFactors PMGM Consultant

About Accenture

Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centres. Our 506,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com.

Accenture is an Irish-domiciled multinational professional services company that provides services in:

Technology

Strategy & Consulting

Interactive

Operations

As a Fortune Global 500 company, it has been incorporated in Dublin, Ireland since September 1, 2009. In 2019, the company reported revenues of $43.2 billion, with more than 492,000 employees serving clients in more than 200 cities in 120 countries.

Accenture Technology combines business and industry insights with innovative technology services to transform your business. Join one of the world’s largest independent providers of technology services to grow your expertise and help clients worldwide to innovate at scale and transform their businesses. Help change how the world works and lives through technology innovation.

Job Title: SAP SuccessFactors PMGM Consultant

Job Description:

As a SAP SuccessFactors professional, you will implement and deploy SAP SuccessFactors solutions to achieve defined business goals.

Key Responsibilities:

Lead and advice business process improvement on SAP Successfactors enablement initiatives

Interact with clients to understand the business requirements to conclude blueprint, configuration, testing, migration, support, and continuous enhancements

Perform detailed analysis of complex business process requirements

Manage the SAP Successfactors projects to ensure timely delivery

Understand the technology landscape and how it affects the clients’ area of the business; trends associated with the technology; functional area and industries and the value propositions for clients to rotate to the new

Professional Skill Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in IT or equivalent work experience.

Minimum of 6 years’ experience in SuccessFactors Performance & Goal Management including Calibration, 360 and good knowledge in CDP and Succession Planning.

Minimum 1 End to End implementation experience in SF PMGM including experience should have basic knowledge of other modules

Understanding of business processes related to Core HR

Certified in SuccessFactors Performance & Goals Management is a plus

The candidate must have strong problem-solving skills, be self-directed, and be capable of working with minimal supervision.

Must have a strong, demonstrated commitment to customer service and be committed to a proactive review of processes and procedures to continually enhance service quality, service delivery, and support.

Good interpersonal and organizational skills with the ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical customers.

Ability to be flexible and work analytically in a problem-solving environment

Ability to travel to client sites

All of our consulting professionals receive comprehensive training covering business acumen, technical and professional skills development. You’ll also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career.

Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

Looking forward to hear from you soon! Have a great day ahead.

