Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3615441860

Lead Analyst - SQL

At AIA we’ve started an exciting movement to create a healthier, more sustainable future for everyone.

As pioneering innovators for over 100 years, we’re now transforming our organisation to be faster, simpler and more connected. Because we want to be even better equipped to develop digital solutions and experiences that help more people live Healthier, Longer, Better Lives.

To get there, we need people with tech/digital/analytics expertise and passion to help develop positive, sustainable change through digitally enhanced experiences that will impact the lives of millions of people and create a healthier future for everyone.

If you believe in developing a better tomorrow, read on.

WE ARE LOOKING FOR .....

Responsible for providing application development and support services to meet AIA's business needs

 Do construction and unit test

 Handle day-to-day technical supports including problem trouble shooting and

ad-hoc tasks etc.

 Timely completion of assigned tasks

 Accuracy and completeness of work produced

Internal (90%)

 Weekly progress report of assigned tasks

 Discussion within team on the solution/issue found during the completion of

assigned tasks

External (10%)

 Discussion with AIA Business Units on the solution/issues found during the

completion of assigned tasks.

Most challenging type of communication – To have a better solution, this job

holder needs to communicate internally and externally to understand and clarify

the requirements, propose a better solution.

Build a career with us as we help our customers and the community live Healthier, Longer, Better Lives.

You must provide all requested information, including Personal Data, to be considered for this career opportunity. Failure to provide such information may influence the processing and outcome of your application. You are responsible for ensuring that the information you submit is accurate and up-to-date.