Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3617400105

Intern Multinational


About AIG


American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization. Building on 100 years of experience, today AIG member companies provide a wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement solutions, and other financial services to customers in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. These diverse offerings include products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security.




Summer Internship Program Description


Joining the AIG Summer Internship Program is a great way to enhance your business acumen and gain insight into our industry. Summer interns are placed into meaningful and influential roles that have an immediate and integral impact on the business.



The Summer Internship Program lasts approximately 10 weeks and is targeted to students entering the final year of their undergraduate or graduate education.  After orientation and intensive training, summer interns will join one of our business lines, each of which offers a unique opportunity to obtain core technical knowledge and professional skills in a diverse and global environment. In addition to the experience acquired on the job, summer interns have the opportunity to learn directly from senior management, and participate in webinars, discussion forums, and networking receptions.



Summer interns establish goals with their managers during the first week, and the goals are measured at the mid and end points of the summer.  Successful summer interns may be considered for full-time analyst positions to begin summer of 2024.




General Insurance


General Insurance is a leading provider of insurance products and services for commercialand personal insurance customers. It includes one of the world’s most far-reaching property casualty networks. General Insurance offers a broad range of products to customers througha diversified, multichannel distribution network.




Multinational


AIG’s Multinational business is an exciting area within General Insurance that will challenge you every day to explore new opportunities for our clients worldwide. As a trusted advisor, you will tailor multinational insurance solutions for our global clients, empowering them to operate across borders with confidence and consistency. Partner with a dynamic, global team of experts, including underwriters, risk engineers, and analytics and claims professionals, to design, implement and service multinational insurance programs. This includes issuing timely policies, providing regulatory advice, sharing local knowledge, supporting efficient money movement capabilities and deploying large fronted limits. AIG Multinational professionals have the diverse skills and expertise necessary to deliver customized, compliant and seamless solutions that support our clients’ risk management objectives. With in-depth knowledge of local markets, practices and regulations, Multinational provides world-class insurance solutions and helps clients successfully navigate their cross-border risks, wherever in the world their businesses take them.






Preferred:


AIG seeks candidates who have excelled in previous work experience, demonstrated outstanding academic and extracurricular achievement, possess strong analytical, quantitative, and interpersonal skills, and are enthusiastic about and committed to the insurance industry.



The ideal candidates will be creative problem solvers who deliver for customers.  They will possess a powerful blend of IQ (technical skills, consistent learning, statistical & financial acumen) and EQ (adaptive communication, empathy, listening skills, challenging with humility).



We also look for a diverse background of experience, culture, and thought.  Successful candidates typically have a global perspective and a record of successful teamwork.


We are an Equal Opportunity Employer




American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates are committed to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and its policies and procedures reflect this commitment. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories such as sexual orientation. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.



To learn more please visit: https://www.aig.com/about-us/diversity-equity-and-inclusion



AIG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to job applicants and employees with physical or mental disabilities.  If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to complete any part of the application or hiring process, please send an email to candidatecare@aig.com.   Reasonable accommodations will be determined on a case-by-case basis.













Functional Area:

TH - Other





Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel





Relocation Provided: No





AIG Technologies (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd



