Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3597532236

Quality Engineer - Induction Hardening

Job Description

Key responsibilities

Maintenance

Responsible for the implementation and maintenance of quality standards within manufacturing processes. Ensure alignment with the requirements of the Driveline Excellence System.

Process Design

Ensure manufacturing processes and related documentation conforms to specified Process Flow, PFMEA, and Control Plan requirements.

Quality Testing

Develop and initiate methods, procedures, and embedded tests for inspection, testing, and evaluation of manufactured products. Maintain related documentation and records.

Quality Testing Design

Confirm that final inspection/EOL tests prevent non-conforming parts from leaving the plant and coordinate containment and firewall activities.

Operational Compliance

Perform manufacturing process audits to assess quality capability of the processes against established limits and specifications. Provide additional input for process control and initiate a reaction plan for characteristics that are either not statistically capable or are unstable.

Quality Management System

Carry out a range of quality management activities under the guidance of senior colleagues to contribute to the identification and evaluation of current policies and business processes that are in the scope of the Quality Management System and to support the design, development, and documentation of new policies, procedures, and business processes.

Improvement/Innovation

Ensure relevant lessons learned are implemented and countermeasures are horizontally deployed as required.

Document Preparation

Organize and prepare complex documents using a variety of applications for technology devices such as standard office software. Also responsible for gathering and summarizing data for special reports.

Performance Management

Undertake training when identified to improve business capability and allow for changes in technology and quality requirements. Instigate quality improvements in production area and strive for continuous improvement.

Values & Behaviours

Ingenious: Manages complexity

Makes sense of complex, high quantity, and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems. For example, looks at complex issues from multiple angles; explores issues to uncover underlying issues and root causes; sees the main consequences and implications of different options.

Ingenious: Driving continuous improvement

Knows the most effective and efficient processes to get things done, with a focus on continuous improvement. For example, pursues, explores, and develops ways to ensure own work is as effective as possible within all relevant processes. Shares an analysis of process problems with stakeholders; discusses how to resolve the issue.

Ingenious: Effective decision making

Makes good and timely decisions that keep the organization moving forward. For example, knows when to act independently and when to escalate issues. Integrates various inputs, decision criteria, and trade-offs to make effective decisions. Typically makes good independent decisions.

Collaborative: Builds trust

Gains the confidence and trust of others through honesty, integrity, and authenticity. For example, demonstrates integrity, upholding professional codes of conduct. Instills trust by following through on agreements and commitments despite competing priorities and by being honest and straightforward.

Collaborative: Demonstrates self-awareness

Uses a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses. For example, seeks and responds to constructive feedback in a positive and professional way. Seeks to understand own impact on others; acknowledges mistakes and finds ways to avoid repeating them.

Collaborative: Develops talent

Develops people to meet both their career goals and the organization's goals. For example, shares own experience and expertise with others if asked. Provides constructive feedback and other support for other people's development.

Principled: Accountability

Holds self and others accountable to meet commitments. For example, tracks performance and strives to remain effective, learning from both successes and failures. Readily takes on challenges or difficult tasks and has reputation for delivering on commitments.

Principled: Manages challenging conversations

Steps up to address difficult issues, saying what needs to be said. For example, shares own ideas and points of view openly, regardless of potential criticism or risk; shows conviction when faced with adversity and challenges; raises difficult topics to be sure they are addressed.

Driven: Early technical adopter

Anticipates and adopts innovations in business-building digital and technology applications. For example, successfully leverages the latest technologies to increase performance. Quickly embraces and masters new technological advances adopted by the organization. May help others learn the terminology.

Driven: Action oriented

Takes on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm. For example, takes timely action on important or difficult issues. Identifies and pursues new opportunities that benefit the organization.

Skills

Planning and Organizing

Works without supervision and provides technical guidance when required on planning, organizing, prioritizing and overseeing activities to efficiently meet business objectives.

Policy and procedures

Works without supervision and provides technical guidance when required on developing, monitoring, interpreting and understanding policies and procedures, while making sure they match organizational strategies and objectives.

Compliance Management

Works without supervision and provides technical guidance when required on achieving full compliance with applicable rules and regulations in management and/or operations.

Policy and Regulation

Works without supervision and provides technical guidance when required on interpreting and applying knowledge of laws, regulations and policies in area of expertise.

Review and Reporting

Works without supervision and provides technical guidance when required on reviewing and creating relevant, lucid and effective reports.

Verbal Communication

Uses clear and effective verbal communications skills without supervision and provides technical guidance when required on expressing ideas, requesting actions and formulating plans or policies.

Health and Safety

Manages and applies safe systems of work without supervision and provides technical guidance when required.

Risk Management

Identifies, assesses, prioritizes and manages risks without supervision and provides technical guidance when required.

Education

Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent Level

Experience

Experience enables job holder to deal with the majority of situations and to advise others (Over 8 years to 13 years)

About Us

GKN Automotive is the market leader in conventional, all-wheel and electrified drive systems and solutions. With a comprehensive global footprint, we design, develop, manufacture and integrate an extensive range of driveline technologies for over 90% of the world’s car manufacturers. Diversity and Inclusion As a global engineering company, innovation is what differentiates us from our competitors and is central to our success. A balance of cultures, ethnicities and genders help bring new ideas and creativity to GKN Automotive. We need people of different backgrounds, with different skills and perspectives to spark originality, imagination and creativeness in our teams around the world. GKN Automotive is an equal opportunity employer. We treat all our employees and applicants fairly and are committed to ensuring that there is no discrimination or harassment against any employee or qualified applicant on the grounds of age, race, creed, colour, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process. Please contact us to request any such accommodation.