Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3617000090

SOC Design Eng Intern

Job Description




To support the different functions of FPGA design encompassing front-end, back-end and intergation.




Qualifications




High CGPA, 3.5 and above. Exposure to IC design flow and methodologies




Inside this Business Group




The Programmable Solutions Group (PSG) was formed from the acquisition of Altera. As part of Intel, PSG will create market-leading programmable logic devices that deliver a wider range of capabilities than customers experience today. Combining Altera's industry-leading FPGA technology and customer support with Intel's world-class semiconductor manufacturing capabilities will enable customers to create the next generation of electronic systems with unmatched performance and power efficiency. PSG takes pride in creating an energetic and dynamic work environment that is driven by ingenuity and innovation. We believe the growth and success of our group is directly linked to the growth and satisfaction of our employees. That is why PSG is committed to a work environment that is flexible and collaborative, and allows our employees to reach their full potential.




Posting Statement




All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance.




Benefits




We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, as well as, benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find more information about all of our Amazing Benefits here: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/benefits.html




Working Model




This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site.

In certain circumstances the work model may change to accommodate business needs.

