Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3604055057

Database Administrator

Vacancy: Database Administrator (EMEA hours)

Location: Kuala Lumpur - Malaysia (with hybrid working)

Job Family: Infrastructure and Operations

Together for a cleaner, healthier world.

Johnson Matthey, a FTSE 100 company, is a global leader in sustainable technologies specialising in catalysis, precious metal products, chemicals and process technology. With operations in over 30 countries, we employ more than 13,000 people. Johnson Matthey uses science to make the world cleaner and healthier. Over the past two centuries we have built our reputation and place as a global leader through quality, integrity, and innovation. Today, more than 93% of the group's sales come from products and services which provide sustainability benefits through the positive impact they have on the environment, resource efficiency and human health, but that’s not enough. We have ambitious plans for growth and need talented individuals to help shape and lead us into our next century.

The Database Administrator will be required to implement and administer SQL Server and Oracle database instances across Johnson Matthey’s global database estate. As part of the Cloud & Data Centres team you will participate in 3rd line incident and service request trouble shooting/fulfilment, projects, service improvements, and setting standards through documenting policy and process.

Note: This role involves working EMEA hours.

Your responsibilities:

 * Administer and support JMIT databases (SQL Server and Oracle) across the EMEA, APAC, and AMER regions.
 * Deliver database projects on budget and on time.
 * Administer and support JMIT databases in public cloud subscriptions (AWS, Azure, etc).
 * Monitor and trouble shoot global database estate health, ensuring availability, capacity and performance are within agreed SLA.
 * Performance tuning and capacity management of databases
   
   

Requirements for the role:

 * Qualifications and certifications: Azure, Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science / Engineering / related fields
 * Proven experience of maintaining, configuring, and troubleshooting Azure SQL environments
 * Experience of security best practices throughout the database space
 * Experience administrating Oracle
 * Proven ability to collaborate with multi-disciplinary teams of business analysts, developers, data scientists, and subject matter experts
   
   

How you will be rewarded:

We offer a competitive compensation and JM Elements benefits package including Bonus, excellent pension contributions and generous annual leave; Our JM Elements Benefits programme helps our employees understand and manage the JM benefits, as well as help them focus on your overall wellbeing – for you and your family.

We use our inspiring science and technology to enhance lives. For those who are passionate about sustainable solutions and shaping our markets, we offer stretch and a wealth of diverse opportunities.

We’ll give you freedom to bring your whole self to work and be part of a team where difference matters and all voices are heard, that genuinely cares for you and where your contribution is appreciated. We’ll empower you to lean in and make things happen, to create solutions and value for our customers. United by our values and vision, we’re self-starters, sharing the same values and accountability and always with a shared commitment to doing the right thing. We’re passionate about making a difference and delivering a better tomorrow for us and for you – a cleaner and healthier world, today and for future generations.

Johnson Matthey is open for discussion on part time, job share and flexible working patterns

Closing date for applications: This job advertisement will be posted for a minimum of 2 weeks, early application is advised

For any queries or should you require any reasonable adjustments to support your application please contact UKRecruit@matthey.com.

How to apply:

If you have the necessary skills and experience to join our team, please apply online. For any queries or should you require any reasonable adjustments to support your application please let your recruiter know when they contact you.

If you are already a Johnson Matthey Employee, please visit the internal careers site to apply: Find Jobs - Workday (myworkday.com)

All applications are carefully considered and your details will be stored on our secure Application Management System. This is used throughout Johnson Matthey for the selection of suitable candidates for our vacancies as they arise. Johnson Matthey respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. For more information about how your personal data is used please view our privacy notice:  Johnson Matthey Privacy Notice

You will be contacted by the Johnson Matthey Talent Acquisition team once your details have been reviewed. Please allow four weeks from the closing date to allow for screening to take place.

We appreciate the time and effort taken in completing an application.

By applying for this role and creating an account you are agreeing to Johnson Matthey Privacy Notice

Johnson Matthey Plc is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity, religion or belief.

