Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3613069857

Network and UC Engineer (Level 2)

Vacancy: Level 2 Network and UC Engineer

Location: Kuala Lumpur

Job Family: IT

Together for a cleaner, healthier world.

Johnson Matthey, a FTSE 100 company, is a global leader in sustainable technologies specialising in catalysis, precious metal products, chemicals and process technology. With operations in over 30 countries, we employ more than 13,000 people. Johnson Matthey uses science to make the world cleaner and healthier. Over the past two centuries we have built our reputation and place as a global leader through quality, integrity, and innovation. Today, more than 93% of the group's sales come from products and services which provide sustainability benefits through the positive impact they have on the environment, resource efficiency and human health, but that’s not enough. We have ambitious plans for growth and need talented individuals to help shape and lead us into our next century.

As the Level 2 Network and UC Engineer you will provide day to day Level 2 operations support for JM’s network infrastructure. The individual's day to day operations scope will include Local Area Network (LAN), Wide Area Network (WAN) and Wireless infrastructure.

Your goal / purpose will be to install/deploy, maintain and upgrade services and the technologies supporting these services in line with JM IT’s established tools and standards.

Johnson Matthey (JM) is a global leader in sustainable technologies that will accelerate the transition to net zero. We're dedicated to creating the sustainable technologies of the future. Using our knowledge of chemistry and its applications, we research, develop and create innovative solutions to make the world cleaner and healthier. Our science and sustainable technologies have a global impact in areas such as low emission transport, chemical processing, cleaner energy resources, catalyst capability and enabling the circularity of critical materials

Your responsibilities:

 * As a member of L2 team, they are responsible for day to day operational support of JM IT’s service.
 * Provides implementation and technical support; including planning, installation, ongoing management, monitoring, troubleshooting, and decommissioning, following operational policies and processes that are compliant with JM IT’s standards.
 * Analyses, troubleshooting and implementing approved and standardized resolutions.
 * Will support L3 teams in updating documentations and keep it up to date in line with JM standards and policies
 * Adheres to and executes the approved BCP/DR process
   
   

Requirements for the role:

 * Able to work on rotational shift
 * Operational experience in LAN, WAN and Wireless technologies primarily Cisco infrastructure in a Level 2 role providing day to day operational support
 * Demonstrate good understanding of SIP gateways and SIP/Telco interconnection/routing. Operational knowledge in managing PABX will be an advantage.
 * Awareness of ITIL principles.
 * A good understanding of networking protocols and technologies e.g TCP/IP etc.
 * Knowledge in ISE and monitoring tools (Solarwinds etc) will be an advantage
   
   

How you will be rewarded:

We offer a competitive compensation and JM Elements benefits package including bonus, excellent pension contributions and generous annual leave. Our JM Elements Benefits programme helps our employees understand and manage the JM benefits, as well as helping you focus on your overall wellbeing – for you and your family.

We use our inspiring science and technology to enhance lives. For those who are passionate about sustainable solutions and shaping our markets, we offer stretch and a wealth of diverse opportunities.

We’ll give you freedom to bring your whole self to work and be part of a team where difference matters and all voices are heard, that genuinely cares for you and where your contribution is appreciated. We’ll empower you to lean in and make things happen, to create solutions and value for our customers. United by our values and vision, we’re self-starters sharing the same values and accountability and always with a shared commitment to doing the right thing. We’re passionate about making a difference and delivering a better tomorrow for us and for you – a cleaner and healthier world, today and for future generations.

Closing date for applications: This job advertisement will be posted for a minimum of 2 weeks, early application is advised

For any queries or should you require any reasonable adjustments to support your application please contact UKRecruit@matthey.com.

How to apply:

If you have the necessary skills and experience to join our team, please apply online. For any queries or should you require any reasonable adjustments to support your application please let your recruiter know when they contact you.

If you are already a Johnson Matthey Employee, please visit the internal careers site to apply: Find Jobs - Workday (myworkday.com)

All applications are carefully considered and your details will be stored on our secure Application Management System. This is used throughout Johnson Matthey for the selection of suitable candidates for our vacancies as they arise. Johnson Matthey respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. For more information about how your personal data is used please view our privacy notice:  Johnson Matthey Privacy Notice

You will be contacted by the Johnson Matthey Talent Acquisition team once your details have been reviewed. Please allow four weeks from the closing date to allow for screening to take place.

We appreciate the time and effort taken in completing an application.

By applying for this role and creating an account you are agreeing to Johnson Matthey Privacy Notice

Johnson Matthey Plc is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity, religion or belief.

