Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3579593692

Unified Communications Engineer

Vacancy: Unified Communications Engineer – Microsoft Teams

Competitive Salary, Bonus, Pension And Benefits Package

Location: UK, Flexible (remote working) OR Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (EMEA Hours)

Job Family: JMIT

Together for a cleaner, healthier world.

Johnson Matthey, a FTSE 100 company, is a global leader in sustainable technologies specialising in catalysis, precious metal products, chemicals and process technology. With operations in over 30 countries, we employ more than 13,000 people. Johnson Matthey uses science to make the world cleaner and healthier. Over the past two centuries we have built our reputation and place as a global leader through quality, integrity, and innovation. Today, more than 93% of the group's sales come from products and services which provide sustainability benefits through the positive impact they have on the environment, resource efficiency and human health, but that’s not enough. We have ambitious plans for growth and need talented individuals to help shape and lead us into our next century.

As the Unified Comms Engineer you will be responsible for the implementation, operation, support and maintenance of the Johnson Matthey global Unified Communications infrastructure. This includes providing 3rd Line support for cloud UC platforms, global SIP infrastructure and other voice services.

Note: For candidates based in Kuala Lumpur this role involves working EMEA hours

Your responsibilities:

 * Support and maintain the global Microsoft Teams platform
 * Support and maintain SIP and call routing platforms
 * Liaise with 3rd party suppliers for telecoms infrastructure support
 * Support project work as an SME for UC and voice services
 * Collaborate with architecture teams on the design of telecoms setup for offices around the world
 * As part of a team participate in 3rd line incident troubleshooting, resolution and service request fulfilment
   
   

Requirements for the role:

 * Experience of maintaining and configuring Unified Communications in Microsoft Teams, for multi-national organisations
 * Experience of maintaining and configuring SIP and call routing systems for multi-national organisations
 * Experiencing implementing and configuring Microsoft Teams Direct Routing for multi-national organisations
 * Working knowledge of telephony standards
 * Experience troubleshooting SIP logs
   
   

How you will be rewarded:

We offer a competitive compensation and JM Elements benefits package including Bonus, excellent pension contributions and generous annual leave; Our JM Elements Benefits programme helps our employees understand and manage the JM benefits, as well as help them focus on your overall wellbeing – for you and your family.

We use our inspiring science and technology to enhance lives. For those who are passionate about sustainable solutions and shaping our markets, we offer stretch and a wealth of diverse opportunities.

We’ll give you freedom to bring your whole self to work and be part of a team where difference matters and all voices are heard, that genuinely cares for you and where your contribution is appreciated. We’ll empower you to lean in and make things happen, to create solutions and value for our customers. United by our values and vision, we’re self-starters, sharing the same values and accountability and always with a shared commitment to doing the right thing. We’re passionate about making a difference and delivering a better tomorrow for us and for you – a cleaner and healthier world, today and for future generations.

Johnson Matthey is open for discussion on part time, job share and flexible working patterns.

Closing date for applications: This job advertisement will be posted for a minimum of 2 weeks, early application is advised

For any queries or should you require any reasonable adjustments to support your application please contact UKRecruit@matthey.com.

How to apply:

If you have the necessary skills and experience to join our team, please apply online. For any queries or should you require any reasonable adjustments to support your application please let your recruiter know when they contact you.

If you are already a Johnson Matthey Employee, please visit the internal careers site to apply: Find Jobs - Workday (myworkday.com)

All applications are carefully considered and your details will be stored on our secure Application Management System. This is used throughout Johnson Matthey for the selection of suitable candidates for our vacancies as they arise. Johnson Matthey respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. For more information about how your personal data is used please view our privacy notice:  Johnson Matthey Privacy Notice

You will be contacted by the Johnson Matthey Talent Acquisition team once your details have been reviewed. Please allow four weeks from the closing date to allow for screening to take place.

We appreciate the time and effort taken in completing an application.

By applying for this role and creating an account you are agreeing to Johnson Matthey Privacy Notice

Johnson Matthey Plc is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity, religion or belief.