Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3613604374

General Cashier

Job Number 23097329

Job Category Finance & Accounting

Location Le Méridien Kota Kinabalu, Jalan Tun Fuad Stephens, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP

Schedule Full-Time

Located Remotely? N

Relocation? N

Position Type Non-Management

Position Summary

Check figures, postings, and documents for correct entry, mathematical accuracy, and proper codes. Organize, secure, and maintain all files, records, cash and cash equivalents in accordance with policies and procedures. Record, store, access, and/or analyze computerized financial information. Classify, code, and summarize numerical and financial data to compile and keep financial records, using journals, ledgers, and/or computers. Complete period-end closing procedures and reports as specified. Audit cashier banks periodically according to SOPs. Maintain, distribute, and record petty cash, cashier banks, and contracts. Document, maintain, communicate, and act upon all Cash Variances according to SOPs. Act as liaison between property and armored car service or primary banking institution. Participate in internal, external, and regulatory audit processes and ensure compliance with SOPs.

Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets; protect the privacy and security of guests and coworkers. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette; ensure that coworkers understand their tasks. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.

Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture. We are committed to non-discrimination on any protected basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.

At Le Méridien, we believe in helping guests unlock the unexpected and engaging experiences each destination has to offer. Our guests are curious and creative, cosmopolitan, culture seekers that appreciate sophisticated, timeless service. We provide original, chic and memorable service and experiences that inspire guests to unlock the destination. We’re looking for curious, creative and well-informed people to join our team. If you appreciate connecting with like-minded guests and have a deep desire to create unexpected experiences, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Le Méridien.