Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3616611484

Project Engineer

Job Description




Are You Ready to Make It Happen at Mondelēz International?




Join our Mission to Lead the Future of Snacking. Make It With Pride.




You will execute initiatives through I2M and IIM processes for the site and ensure effective execution, coordination, tracking & communication of change as it relates to new and existing products, packaging and processes for the plant.




How You Will Contribute




You will:




 * Support Project Development / Execution: Execute initiatives through I2M/IIM (Innovation 2 Market; Initiative Management), Provide critical inputs to the site BD leader (specifically for IIM Design Reviews (DR2 – DR6)); From Design reviews-DR 4 onwards execute project activities on the site; Master data creation, Art Work, Raw/Pack Material availability, Track timings – and report to project team. Organize trials and FPA’s (e.g. materials, team logistics etc.). Communication and execution of promotional activities within the I2M process.
 * Support ongoing business simplification: Provide inputs to Site BD leader to support Integration of overall site change management agenda to ensure delivery of projects while maintaining service levels. Coordination (planning and tracking) with all plant departments for plant trials, key project activities. Status tracking and communication of Plant activities key Cross functional team members (external to the plant). Work on the de-complexity agenda and support the delivery of the site productivity and improvement agenda. Ensure execution of regional /global menu cards and ensure that manufacturing hurdle rates are met.
 * Support site BD Leader to Manage the interfaces with the category PCMs, be responsible for the timely execution of new initiatives and business related projects using IIM methodology; Coordinates effectively with Operations Core team to setup VSU teams for the projects and with the Engineering team to manage startup and construction activities for the projects.




What You Will Bring




A desire to drive your future and accelerate your career and the following experience and knowledge:




 * Strong operational & manufacturing experience in CPG industry with experience in TPM-Total productive maintenance, 5s, LEAN, 6 sigma tools and concepts, Safety & GMP standards
 * Possess financial & business acumen, project management skills and Knowledge of industrial manufacturing equipment, Technology & Engineering automation basics.
 * Computer proficiency (MS Office to include Word, Excel, PowerPoint) & experience in ERP systems. Excellent communication skills (Verbal and Written), Analytical & Problem solving skills, strong collaboration and relationship management skills.




More About This Role




What you need to know about this position:




What extra ingredients you will bring:




Education / Certifications:




Job specific requirements:




Travel requirements:




Work schedule:




No Relocation support available




Business Unit Summary




Mondelēz International in Southeast Asia is in five countries serving 19 markets with more than 18 nationalities and 7,500 employees. This group is emerging as one of the fastest growing regions in Asia, the Middle East and Africa, and we are proud of consistently producing high quality products in nine manufacturing sites. We are market leaders in key snacking categories, making and selling brands like Oreo and Tiger biscuits, Kinh Do mooncakes, Jacob’s crackers, Cadbury Dairy Milk chocolate, Tang powdered beverage, Halls candy and Eden cheese. We set the benchmark in being a responsible business and contributing to the communities in which we operate.




Mondelēz International is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.




Job Type




Regular




Manufacturing support




Manufacturing