Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3291527014

Associate - SAP Cloud Developer

Line of Service




Advisory




Industry/Sector




Not Applicable




Specialism




SAP




Management Level




Associate




Job Description & Summary




PwC SEAC’s Technology Consulting’s vision is to create meaningful relationships with our clients by powering the next generation digital enterprise.




The Enterprise Applications & Cloud team works with our clients to build a legacy of improvement and performance, working with leading enterprise applications including those in the cloud.




Our focus areas are SAP, Salesforce, Workday, Oracle, Microsoft and SuccessFactors.




Our Digital Transformation team empowers our clients to innovate and use technology in new ways and ensure that important organisational, business and operational improvements are made effectively. Using your logical thinking, passion in all things digital & tech, and growth mindset, a career with PwC will provide you with the opportunity to focus on the joint business relationship




between PwC cloud based platforms to bring new and innovative services to some of the largest companies. We help our clients adopt the cloud to transform Information Technology, scale and streamline operations and create new cloud based businesses through our strong alliances. You’ll be at the forefront of helping organisations around the globe adopt innovative technology solutions that optimise business processes or enable scalable technology.




In joining, you’ll be part of cross functional delivery teams that help our clients implement cloud computing solutions that enable them in solving their most important business problems.




As a Cloud Developer, Your Responsibilities Will Include




 * Work with business functional teams to understand business requirements
 * Support the technical team by having an input in the design of a technical object
 * Handle the end to end development of technical objects
 * Build solutions on SAP Business Technology Platform, using SAP Fiori/UI5
 * Work with other Cloud Developers to complete a technical object
 * Support the functional teams in troubleshooting, testing and deploying technical objects
 * Be up to date with the latest cloud best practices, technologies and platforms
   




About You




You’re in your final year of uni, recently graduated in Computer Sciences, Engineering, IT or an edge-technology field.




Passionate about technology, you have an interest in developing technical solutions to defined problems and keep at the forefront of all things tech. More importantly, you’re keen and willing to learn to succeed in your role.




Required




Ideally but not required, is an understanding of common front-end and back-end technologies, development methods and programming languages that may include




 * Git and GitHub
 * JavaScript
 * Python, NodeJS, Java or any other language compatible in Cloud Foundry
 * REST, SOAP, ODATA
 * Event driven architecture
 * Jenkins
 * Kubernetes
   




Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)




Degrees/Field Of Study Required




Degrees/Field of Study preferred:




Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)




Required Skills




Optional Skills




Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)




Travel Requirements




Up to 80%




Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?




No




Government Clearance Required?




No




Job Posting End Date