Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3618879270

AI Data Project Management Operation (Linguistic Intelligence), Trust and Safety

Responsibilities

TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok has global offices including Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul and Tokyo.

At TikTok, our people are humble, intelligent, compassionate and creative. We create to inspire - for you, for us, and for more than 1 billion users on our platform. We lead with curiosity and aim for the highest, never shying away from taking calculated risks and embracing ambiguity as it comes. Here, the opportunities are limitless for those who dare to pursue bold ideas that exist just beyond the boundary of possibility. Join us and make impact happen with a career at TikTok.

Our Trust & Safety team's commitment is to keep our online community safe. We have invested heavily in human and machine-based moderation to remove harmful content quickly and often before it reaches our general community.

It is possible that this role will be exposed to harmful content as part of the core role/as part of project/ in response to escalation requests/by chance.

Some content viewed may violate our community guidelines which include but are not limited to bullying; hate speech; child abuse; sexual assault; torture; bestiality; self-harm; suicide; murder.

What will I be doing?

1. Responsible for the operation of labeling projects, negotiate with different demanders, and drive the implementation and execution of requirements.
2. Proactively collaborate with cross-functional departments for project evaluation, resources coordination and subsequent works.
3. Deeply understand the implementation of frontline labeling teams and work with the demand side to develop and optimize labeling guidelines and SOPs.
4. Conduct quality management, progress management and risk management by data analysis.
5. Continuously optimize the project process and improve the efficiency of project implementation through combining with business characteristics.

Qualifications

What should I bring with me?

1. Bachelor's degree or above
2. Minimum 3 years experience, preferably from Project Management background.
3. Experience working in the labelling industry is a plus but not mandatory.
4. Good communication skill in English.
5. Familiar with office software such as Excel, Word, etc. Experience with data processing tools and other data analysis capabilities are preferred.
6. Experience working and managing vendors.
7. Your ability to work in a high tempo environment, adapt, respond to day-to-day challenges of the role.
8. Your resilience and commitment to self-care to manage the emotional demands of the role.

Trust & Safety recognises that keeping our platform safe for TikTok communities is no ordinary job which can be both rewarding and psychologically demanding and emotionally taxing for some. This is why we are sharing the potential hazards, risks and implications in this unique line of work from the start, so our candidates are well informed before joining.

We are committed to the wellbeing of all our employees and promise to provide comprehensive and evidence-based programs, to promote and support physical and mental wellbeing throughout each employee's journey with us. We believe that wellbeing is a relationship and that everyone has a part to play, so we work in collaboration and consultation with our employees and across our functions in order to ensure a truly person-centred, innovative and integrated approach.

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.