Website: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3325514935

Senior Sales Executive (Card Sales) - Klang Valley

About UOB

United Overseas Bank Limited (UOB) is a leading bank in Asia with a global network of more than 500 branches and offices in 19 countries and territories in Asia Pacific, Europe and North America. In Asia, we operate through our head office in Singapore and banking subsidiaries in China, Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand, as well as branches and offices.

Our history spans more than 80 years. Over this time, we have been guided by our values — Honorable, Enterprising, United and Committed. This means we always strive to do what is right, build for the future, work as one team and pursue long-term success. It is how we work, consistently, be it towards the company, our colleagues or our customers.

About The Department

The Retail function provides Personal and Business Banking customers with financial solutions tailored to their needs. We help them manage their money wisely and meet their financial goals through an extensive range of products and services. These include deposit, insurance, secured and unsecured loans, investment and wealth advisory services.

Personal Financial Services

We design and provide products and services that empower our customers to enjoy greater banking convenience while they extract more value from their money. In particular, we are focused on promoting and developing healthy saving and investment practices across generations.

Job Responsibilities

 * To pro-actively build the Personal Financial Services business by managing relationship with new and existing customers, as well as cross selling the Bank's products to meet customers’ financial needs.
 * Aside from the core banking products, the emphasis of the job is also in cross-selling the extended range of personal financial services products, such as Balance Transfer and Personal Loans, and any other products as and when the Bank deem necessary.
   
   

Job Requirements

Financial

 * To consistently meet individual sales targets and strive to achieve the team targets.
 * To contribute to the UOB and Bank's business and bottom line, to sell/cross selling other products as and when required by the Bank.
   
   

Customer

To ensure high standard of sales and service levels as required by Bank Standard.

Be a part of UOB Family

UOB is an equal opportunity employer. UOB does not discriminate on the basis of a candidate's age, race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or other non-merit factors. All employment decisions at UOB are based on business needs, job requirements and qualifications. If you require any assistance or accommodations to be made for the recruitment process, please inform us when you submit your online application.

Apply now and make a difference.